Dream Coding Style (C++)
========================


* Use tabs for indentation, one tab per indent level.

* Line length isn't limited. Enjoy todays wide monitors. But consider limit your line length to `0x80` characters.


* Brackets:

		for (int i = 0; i < 10; ++i) {
		// ...
		}
		
		if (...) {
		} else if (...) {
		} else {
		}
		
		void func(...) {
		}
		
		class Xyz {
		};
		
		template <typename T>
		class Xyz {
		};
		
* Member initializer list in constructor:

		Xyz(...)
		:	ancestor(...)
		,	member0(...)
		,	member1(...)
		,	member2(...) {
		}

* List of constants in enum (use tab + two spaces and tab + comma + 1 space):

		enum {
			  VALUE0 = ...
			, VALUE1 = ...
			, VALUE2 = ...
			, VALUE3 = ...
		};

* When name of some variable, constant, function etc. is being generated by macro, add comment with that generated name. In this way it is easier to find a place where the name is introduced:

		enum {
		#	define VALUE(NAME, X) XYZ_ ## NAME = 1 << (X)
			  VALUE(A, 0) // XYZ_A
			, VALUE(B, 3) // XYZ_B
			// ...
		#	undef VALUE
		};



* Don't use `using` directive to inject namespace members to a global scope, neither in header file, nor in source file. Don't do this even in local scope.

* Use consistent namespace aliases throghout your project. Use them even in header files. Eg.:

		namespace $ = std; // $ is allowed in identifiers by GCC
							//  and clang as a GNU extension.
		
		namespace b = boost;
		namespace nio = boost::asio;
		namespace fs = boost::filesystem;

* Use Hebrew, Chinese, etc. characters as one-character alias for namespaces, where it makes sense and when compiler supports it (currently probably only clang).

* Use prefix `p_` for pointers, `ptr_` for smart-shared-pointers and `wtr_` for weak-pointers, eg.:

		void f(const X* p_x);
		// ...
		
		std::shared_ptr<X> ptr_x = std::make_shared<X>();
		std::weak_ptr<X> wtr_x = ptr_x;
		
		f(ptr_x.get());


* Consider to add such typedefs to every class that could be accessed by smart-shared-ptr:

		class X {
		public:
			typedef $::shared_ptr<X> Ptr;
			typedef $::weak_ptr<X> Ptr;
		};

* Use `$` as alias for `src` and `$$` as alias for `dst`:

		::uint8_t *xyz_cpy(::uint8_t *$$, const ::uint8_t *$);
		
	, instead of:
	
		const ::uint8_t xyz_cpy(::uint8_t *dst, const ::uint8_t *src);
		
		
* Finding the correct name belongs to the most difficult everyday tasks of every programmer. Use `_`, if you cannot find nice name, or if the name is obvious:

		class Int {
		private:
			int _;
		public:
			// ...
		}; 

